man is Friday you know even though
certain people try to draw me out and
bring my spirit bound and try to get me
on some negative
I got to stay positive you know in the
end of the day I gotta stay on top of my
grind like the bills don't stop coming
in so I can't let certain things and
people stop me from trying to get to the
money so gets back to the next
that cool across the body that was a
cute little clutch and I got the little
strapped inside too nope I want this
okay I want this I want this you know
what the other one I wasn't 45 into a
very long in the back one in the front
but it is a show all sonic of something
so don't worry about that okay happy for
the set
it's really really cute after wild thang
Suzy to wear flat shoes with anyone
I think this is cute thank you i will
never make it
alright so
ocean and do something in the future
yeah definitely like I said we're armed
do you have been a zoo I do have some
bathing suit I got many left well i def
i can tell you what i would t forgery
then
party in July
okay do you need a beta super yourself
of that well
okay and did I get
but my baby clothes like
now this is all like a little cage that
I don't never very sexy one piece okay
that's the one pieces like this
all the shows you know that'll probably
do that
then I his key i need are we up try and
get to this Western you and I got some
black rhino there's the pilot he's gonna
kill me shadow all right hope that open
cuz time is ticking man I was so busy
trying to do a million things and you
know I like to disappoint
you